
# Classification based on invisible features and thereby finding the effect of tuberculosis vaccine on COVID-19


### Codes_and_dataset 
Includes all the codes and the data set used. 
The data set includes both raw and complied data for the problem in csv format. 
All the python files beggining with covid* are used to form the data set.
Python files starting with network* represents the different networks used. Change the the plot paths.

### Plots 
Include most of the important plots. The rest can be generated by running the networks.

## Environment installation

Use the following command to downlaod the required packages:
```bash
# Install python requirements
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Use the package manager [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to install requirements.

In case of anaconda, use the following command:

* Create a conda environment: `conda env create -f environment.yml`
* Activate the created environment `conda activate [env_name]`

## Usage
### Available Datasets
* After installing the required packages, download the RKI_covid19.csv dataset [here](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=f10774f1c63e40168479a1feb6c7ca74)
* Agegroup.csv
* Area.csv
* Landkreis.csv
* covid.json
* income.csv
* incomelandkreis.csv

### Generated Datasets for NN
* AgegroupCovidDataSet.csv 
* CovidDataSet.csv
* DaySeriesActiveCovidDataSet.csv 
* DaySeriesActiveCovidDataSetWithPast.csv
* DaySeriesCovidDataSet.csv
* DaySeriesCovidDataSetAgegroup.csv
* FirstdayCovidDataSet.csv 

To generate the datasets run covid_\*.py files available in Code/covid_\*.py

Once the Dataset is ready(The avialble datset must be updated as the RKI_covid19.csv contains updated information), run the network_\*.py files to train the model with data set. The results will be avialble as plots of different districts.
